okay today's review YouTube review is
going to be on one of my favorite
channels and one of my favorite
youtubers p Clues one that's P a look at
the annotation p k l usm a n bull and
his assistant / roommate and his cats
produce these videos that can't help but
make you laugh he is an engineer by
trade uh he's got three cats Zoe ginger
and Oscar they all prateik in the videos
that he does he does he was the creator
of the famous engineer's guide to cats I
can't help but laugh when I see any of
his videos the guy is so deadpan you're
so engineer like stereotypical you know
and and his assistant whose name escapes
me at the moment please pardon me for
that because I'm terrible with names and
fantastic with faces uh sir for the team
anyway they incorporate their cats in
these videos size ratio mass they grieve
these little gadgets and put on the cats
for some reason are extremely cool with
all this persistent degradation it's
funny as it can be so check out Paul
Koosman take my advice the guy is
quietly insane
these videos are unlike anybody else's
I've ever seen on YouTube so that's the
the review of the day the YouTube review
check out call Clues me and let me know
what you think subscribe to him he's
awesome he doesn't put out a lot of
videos he doesn't bombard you with them
but when they come out they are quality
and they are guaranteed to make you
laugh Paul Klosman check out the link
below and the annotation above and it
should you know help you out with find
an old Paul and tell them that dumb that
scruffy little cat sencha talk to you
soon